标题：追光不止 绿色起航 | 欧圣达Osda亮相2023泰国东盟可持续能源周
链接：https://guangfu.bjx.com.cn/news/20230831/1329179.shtml
8月30日起，为期三日的2023泰国东盟可持续能源周在曼谷诗丽吉王后国家会议中心隆重举行。东盟可持续能源周是东盟最全面的能源与环境展览会，是能源和环境行业制造商与决策者、投资者和企业家会面的首要商业平台。欧圣达Osda携旗下N型TOPCon高效光伏产品、储能逆变器、户用光储充集成离并网系统及整体解决方案闪耀亮相K51展位。
Starting on August 30th, the three-day 2023 ASEAN Sustainable Energy Week is grandly held at the Bangkok Sirikit Queen's National Convention Center. The ASEAN Sustainable Energy Week is ASEAN's most comprehensive energy and environmental exhibition, serving as the primary business platform for energy and environmental industry manufacturers to meet with decision-makers, investors, and entrepreneurs. Osda presents its N-type TOPCon high-efficiency photovoltaic products, energy storage inverters, integrated on-and-off-grid household photovoltaic storage charging systems, and overall solutions prominently at booth K51.
东盟国家，作为亚洲的重要经济联盟，包括如马来西亚、新加坡、泰国、印尼等10个成员国。作为一个新兴的市场，东盟国家有着巨大的潜力，特别是在光伏行业中。由于其分布的地理位置，东盟国家的太阳照射时间和强度相对稳定，大部分地区每年的太阳照射时间都在2000到2200小时之间。并且东盟国家大部分时间都有高照度，使其具有巨大的太阳能发电潜力。
The ASEAN countries, as an important economic alliance in Asia, comprise 10 member states including Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia, and others. As an emerging market, ASEAN countries have significant potential, especially in the photovoltaic industry. Due to their geographical location, ASEAN countries have relatively stable solar radiation duration and intensity, with most regions receiving sunlight for 2000 to 2200 hours annually. Moreover, ASEAN countries experience high illumination for the majority of the time, giving them immense potential for solar power generation.
在本次展览中，欧圣达Osda与Austa储能事业部联袂亮相，展示了欧达集团在绿色能源领域的最新技术和承诺。欧圣达Osda带来了基于市场前沿N型TOPCon技术的光伏组件，转换效率已达22.54%。组件在高温下依然保持卓越性能，亦在光线弱的环境下维持高效发电，更低衰减使得光伏组件的寿命更长、更高双面收益率、更优异的可靠性都是这款组建的。而且设计上，欧圣达OsdaN型TOPCon组件能够灵活应对各种安装场景，既可以适应大规模发电场的需求，也能满足家用电站的精细化要求。
At this exhibition, Osda teamed up with Austa Energy Storage Division to showcase the latest technologies and commitments in the green energy field by the Osda Group. Osda presented photovoltaic modules based on the cutting-edge N-type TOPCon technology, with a conversion efficiency reaching 22.54%. The module maintains exceptional performance even at high temperatures and sustains efficient power generation in low-light conditions. Lower degradation ensures a longer lifespan of the photovoltaic modules, higher bifacial yield, and superior reliability. Furthermore, in terms of design, the Osda N-type TOPCon module can flexibly adapt to various installation scenarios, meeting the demands of large-scale power plants while also catering to the intricate requirements of household power stations.
Austa储能事业部展出了一系列解决方案，从并网系统到离网系统，再到微逆系统，无一不展现了他们为客户打造一站式绿色能源的决心。Austa储能事业部当前主推户用光储充综合解决方案。这套系统整合了储能逆变器、电池和充电桩，内置BMS电池控制单元以及EMS能量调度单元。通过EMS的精准控制，该系统既能满足光伏发电自供自足的应用，又能在断电情况下为紧急设备供电，从而构建小型的光储微网。加上云端监测功能，用户可以通过手机应用程序实时查看系统运行状态、访问各种数据，甚至进行远程配置和固件更新，真正体验到零碳的生活方式。组件板块和储能板块的精彩亮相，展示了欧达集团对于可持续能源的深厚承诺和宏大愿景。
Austa Energy Storage Division showcased a series of solutions, from grid-connected systems to off-grid systems, and micro-inverter systems, all manifesting their determination to provide customers with a one-stop green energy solution. Austa Energy Storage Division is currently promoting integrated home photovoltaic storage charging solutions. This system integrates energy storage inverters, batteries, and charging piles, with built-in BMS battery control units and EMS energy dispatching units. With precise control by the EMS, the system can meet the self-sufficient applications of photovoltaic power generation and supply power to emergency equipment during outages, thus constructing a small-scale photovoltaic storage microgrid. Coupled with cloud monitoring capabilities, users can view the system's real-time operating status, access various data, and even perform remote configurations and firmware updates via a mobile app, truly experiencing a zero-carbon lifestyle. The splendid appearances of the module and energy storage sections displayed Osda Group's profound commitment and grand vision for sustainable energy.
从2009年起，欧达光电在光伏领域专业深耕，历经15年的变迁，从一个简单的光伏贸易商发展为全球智慧能源解决方案提供商。多年来，作为国家级高新技术企业和国家级专精特新小巨人企业，欧达光电已经形成了从光伏电池片+组件、储能逆变器+PACK的研发生产销售，到光储分布式（地面+工商业+户用）电站一体化解决方案的全面布局。尤其在宁波、临沂、嘉兴和盐城这四大生产基地全面运营后，欧圣达Osda年N型TOPCon产能将达到28GW。
Since 2009, Osda has been deeply specialized in the photovoltaic sector. Over a span of 15 years, it has transitioned from a simple photovoltaic trader to a global provider of smart energy solutions. Throughout these years, being a national high-tech enterprise and a "Specialized, Refined, Special, and Innovative" national-level 'Little Giant' company, Osda has established a comprehensive strategy, ranging from R&D, production, and sales of photovoltaic cells + modules and energy storage inverters + PACK, to integrated solutions for photovoltaic storage distribution stations (ground + commercial + residential). Particularly, after the full operation of its four major production bases in Ningbo, Linyi, Jiaxing, and Yancheng, Osda's annual N-type TOPCon capacity is set to reach 28GW.
2023泰国东盟可持续能源周将于9月1日收官结束，欧圣达Osda诚挚邀请您莅临我们的K51展位进行参观洽谈！The 2023 ASEAN Sustainable Energy Week in Thailand will conclude on September 1st.Osdasincerely invites you to visit ourK51 boothfor a tour and discussion!